FIX Bisecting kmeans when data has 1 feature (#27243)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  with a different scale than the data used to fit the model.
  :pr:`27167` by `Olivier Grisel`_.

> - |Fix| :class:`cluster.BisectingKMeans` now works with data having a single feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`cluster.BisectingKMeans` now works with data that has a single feature.
```
